the place is taking accounts
we meet against the nomination
much less
on the contrary
this amount really does not include the right time to take power
39 'protested alain rousset
can we understand
we find here
we now understand why%
why me to teach children to understand
I am I am
three against one
it's not simple
first 7 super on but on his behalf
I'm sad
laughs
she is allied
j
the convention goes step by step and my know-how
tusk
a year
Yes
I am very satisfied
shame
- hitched males she speaks
pau
the palois have step by step the same
we were not there
the mayor
in addition the arm
they did not lead to the crisis
on the contrary
a complaint against m
but what about
the court of appeal of gand
the inhabitants of the capital
to feed some but despite the head
progress towards the capital
the border issue
the interviewee carried out
relapse